Hi there, you're back on the better channel and
nufan we decided to shoot shifts
t2 video or call the same magnitude there
Want to call it shorter
baby food
I have meat except chicken
Olga Wind Oyster field more
beaver we will tell you what it's like
it just tastes
children eat muse very good
and houses vectors and you have it in common with it
and show ours as our judgment
our song
born there I open
shorter on
so we open we open
our first turd utebyya
it is commendable how much I have a cat
it smells. . cat food which
damian they want to look better all
in such a way
if russia is falling luck
it seems like brains of screens and not very
tasty but
the city spent 80 rubles on it
try everything let's say priced like this
what is it
andy adult man know pressure
which the
but they have regions and sometimes until when out
these jars he stress again from like
all at once on curls really say how
cat before I try to let more
so much bulk one himself with a slide
tongue for leaving france
true 3
so many
threaten it like
as if we still have a couple of yanukovich
I have the blood of cultures
clear mash like you are just
easy to swallow don't know how are you
can
a place
really it is very and he is trying again
our
then we will try each other
i.
generally say it choir
no one will understand the bangs
so you changed with jars and now
the city thought your cool 3 cling
we will try 1 2 3
I do not know how and going from children
it is generally
knit
and just now they feed the children
Better Domestic Cats Are Really Better
parents lose under the carrot apple
which touched which of the crust and give
eat them than let you down
canned poop wall because
that my cat will probably like it
because really taste and smell like u
feline face off
on
In general, the output of baby food to the community
delicious not a bit do not know how this bunch
the kids are delicious too
In general, I do not advise you to buy the same
want to try this nonsense only you
all brothers little sisters te field
already ate tried the pit and this is not for us
Well liked êàî we throw it in
trash or go your cat him
like homeless cats
in general, I hope you enjoyed our
video we tried we bought we help
or help yourself and somehow you
cheer cant be placed
maybe it was nice I don't know
In short, we say goodbye to the long plan
after two or three days, a new video has
put your fingers up if we
keep shooting from the inside out on sadness like
want to call
subscribe our channel object repeated
we already have 100 subscribers but for those who
wants to send us letters we leave
comment
the address is often mine and we will wait and
answer and and
and then send letters
we will wait to return with our own
viewers to new meetings put
fingers up subscribe to our
channel
address in the description group in the description to
new meetings wait for new releases
they soon bye bye bye
I